add known issues for rotation manager storage (#2662)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/global/partials/important-changes/known-issue/rotation-manager-local-mount-namespace-routing.mdx

> ### Rotation Manager incorrectly routes local mount entries under namespaces ((#rotation-manager-local-mount-namespace-routing)) <EnterpriseAlert inline="true" />

Author: This issue has been fixed and merged, and will be going out in this week's upcoming patch release

<!-- BEGIN: Vault:=v2.x -->

| Change      | Status   | Vault edition | Affected version | Fixed version
| ----------- | -------- | ------------- | ---------------- | -------------
| Known issue | Resolved | Enterprise    | 2.0.0+           | 2.0.3

<!-- END: Vault:=v2.x -->

<!-- BEGIN: Vault:=v1.21.x -->

| Change      | Status   | Vault edition | Affected version | Fixed version
| ----------- | -------- | ------------- | ---------------- | -------------
| Known issue | Resolved | Enterprise    | 1.21.0+          | 1.21.8

<!-- END: Vault:=v1.21.x -->

<!-- BEGIN: Vault:=v1.20.x -->

| Change      | Status   | Vault edition | Affected version | Fixed version
| ----------- | -------- | ------------- | ---------------- | -------------
| Known issue | Resolved | Enterprise    | 1.20.0+          | 1.20.13

<!-- END: Vault:=v1.20.x -->

<!-- BEGIN: Vault:=v1.19.x -->

| Change      | Status   | Vault edition | Affected version | Fixed version
| ----------- | -------- | ------------- | ---------------- | -------------
| Known issue | Resolved | Enterprise    | 1.19.0+          | 1.19.19

<!-- END: Vault:=v1.19.x -->

#### Issue

> On Performance Primary Vault clusters, the Rotation Manager incorrectly routes rotation entries for local mounts under a namespace to shared rotation manager storage instead of local storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On performance primary Vault clusters, the rotation manager incorrectly routes rotation entries for local mounts created under a namespace to the shared rotation manager storage instead of local storage.
```
The sentence was a little hard to follow, but I'm not sure we can actually simplify it so I added some modifiers so it's not such an alliterative tongue twister 😅

#### Impact

> Rotation entries for local mounts under a namespace are stored in shared storage. Upon Vault restarts, the Rotation Manager loses track of these entries because they are in the incorrect storage location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, the rotation manager can lose track of these entries when Vault restarts because the rotation entries are stored in the wrong location.
```
We don't really need a whole new section here. The first sentence basically repeats the previous section, so we can combine things and simplify the sentence.

#### Recommendation

1. Before upgrading to the fixed version, set `disable_automated_rotation=true` on your root config / static role. This will clean up the rotation entry in shared storage. For example, when using the LDAP Secrets Engine:
```shell-session
  $ vault write ldap/config \
      disable_automated_rotation=true

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
1. Before upgrading to a fixed version, set `disable_automated_rotation=true` on
   your root or static role config to clean up the rotation entry in shared
   storage. For example, to clean entries for the LDAP secrets plugin:
   
  ```shell-session
    $ vault write ldap/config \
        disable_automated_rotation=true
  ```
````
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, reserve capitalization for product names
Markdown correction: indent code blocks so they present as part of the numbered list

1. After upgrading, you can set the parameter to `false` again so that the Rotation Manager can appropriately re-register and store entries in local storage going forward:
```shell-session
  $ vault write ldap/config \
      disable_automated_rotation=false

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion

1. After upgrading, you can set `disable_automated_rotation` back to `false` to
   have the rotation manager re-register and store entries in local storage
   going forward:

  ```shell-session
    $ vault write ldap/config \
        disable_automated_rotation=false
  ```
````
Style correction: avoid cross-step pronouns, write in active voice, reserve capitalization for product names
